---
layout: post
title: "Weed"
date: 2023-12-09 18:27:00 -0800
category: extras
---

# Marijuana
Federally legal for approx. 5 years. I don't want to give up all my secrets but this is a fucking revolution.
Anybody who's not buying weed right now is not only stupid but retarded as well.

Hemp used to be the most ubiquitous material known to man, less than a century ago actually.
The federal government criminalized it because, well, it's the federal government and 
it doesn't want people chilling and relaxing,
it wants people working.

People are going to grow weed, you can't stop them. It's fucking everywhere. So, are you going
to buy it or are you going to shun it
like a Christian Mother? Your choice, punk. 

## Footnotes
Beginning, middle, end. A+B=C. It's not complicated math. Everyone should buy weed. 
Not only can you grow it yourself, you can turn it into clothing and paper. Fuck's sake.

Marijuana is the Devil's Lettuce, but Jesus loves marijuana, like Community says.
I'm not only bullish, but I'm the most bullish on marijuana. I think weed could 
bring some type of harmony, bringing people to the point where they're comfortable
trying mushrooms and LSD, which is inevitably what happens given enough time.
People warm up to drugs and try harder substances.

As long as you stay away from methamphetamines and fentanyl-cousins, you'll be completely fine.
You cannot overdose on weed. Like I said, it's fucking everywhere.

To not be bullish on weed would be criminally insane.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-_HIZtRlkDo?si=C2rUjzn9auNPIwoM" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>