---
layout: post
title: "Seasons"
date: 2023-12-09 18:27:00 -0800
category: extras
---

Just some raps, nothing to see here. 🎶

# Rat
I went to Starbucks and a girl with a fat ass walked by and I feel better now.
Working on my iOS app, eventually porting to macOS and Windows.

The idea is pretty simple. Similar to Tinder or Bumble but more of a mirror.
Basically a personality creator, something like RPG for real life.
Considering life is analogous to a video game or a movie there should be some
sort of creation app to help guide people through the maze of ideas and suggestion.

# Joke
Ecclesiastes.

Writing from the library.

I wish I were wealthier but there's no difference when you have a billion dollars, you simply buy all the land up and compete with higher players. 
There is no change, nothing new under the sun.

I wish, I wish, I wish, with all my heart. I look for believe and faith and find none, I don't even believe in nothing. I believe in lack thereof.
Even nihilism is self-negating. Utilitarianism is broken, altruism even more. Anarchy is gay and retarded. There will never be a revolution until the people become conscious; people will never
become conscious because there is no revolution. Everything is a lie, people lie and cheat from each other morning, day and night. As a child I thought I'd be better but I'm not.

Hardly 25 and already feel like a hardened criminal. Sleeping in parking lots during storm warnings. There are posts around the town hung on grocery stores telling us to get
food and water for potential emergencies. Living on an island, crashing into the water. I wish I wasn't so emotional, so feeling. I often think I am the ocean itself. A girl I was briefly dating
told me I reminded her of Posieden which makes sense the more I think about it. Starting to romanticize murder and all the worst things at the bottom of the iceberg. Not a lot of solutions
so my problems often complicate. I hardly pay for anything, most of life is a cruise, a permanent vacation if you'd like. I got shrimp coming out of my fucking ears, man. I follow no rule.

No law exists. There is no God, no higher power. I've spent 20+ years looking for some role model, some inspiration for a young man to follow and found absolutely nothing sans myself.
All anybody can do is fuck up, make constant and plenty mistake and, fingers crossed in vain, learn from their mistakes. Have you read history? We do not learn from history.

People are evil, manipulative and stupid. They are also full of love and compassion. Is it wickedness or weakness? I often think it's one and the same. God cannot exist
but we cannot exist without a creator. My parents have acted like they're not my parents for 20 years, trying to get us working by 10 years old. Independence is a sham.

I live in a van like a damn degenerate. Entropy is breaking everything apart. Every time I try to let a relationship pass, break up amicably people are out for vengence.
The world is full of hate, drugs and oil. Lots of guns and magazines to fill those guns. When one war ends two more begin. Reading Greek mythos and learning Italian.

Anything else I can write? Uploading my soul to the cloud for $1.29/month and eating breakfast three times a day because I am mentally fiften years old and never got to
experience a childhood. Debatably nobody did. Again, complaints or truth? Going to apply at a dispensary around the corner called Truth+Alibi. Great name.

Police pulled me over last night for running a stop sign which I did not run. Then he had me sat idle in a no parking zone for no reason.
The government literally exists to shake you down and steal 1/3 of your money/time. That's the least surprising part of this entire note.

Should I rewrite Facebook? Should I kill myself? Should I have a cup of coffee? Should I smoke a cigarette and fuck one more bitch before I kick the can?
Should I steal a bunch of bullshit from Wal-Mart? Should I start a new blog with a better domain? Should I blackmail the people who have wronged me?

I changed my mind. Life is actually awesome and extremely enjoyable. We have Instagram and Twitter. Like Norm said, you can go to Dennys and wear a hat.

# Coupons
I don't call it money, I call it `fuel units`. You must have enough `fuel units`.
## Time
Invest in selling expertise or assisting others in what you know.
Focus on gaining attention and sharing valuable information to make the most of your time.
Build trust by demonstrating your unique knowledge and skills to influence others' decisions.
## Information
Sell your expertise, like consulting or assisting others with what you know.
Focus on capturing attention and sharing valuable information.
Establish trust by showcasing your unique knowledge and skills to persuade others to make a purchase.
## Product
Most businesses follow conventional practices.
Mega businesses primarily profit through established methods.
Modern challenges stem from monopolies and the impact of globalism,
exemplified by Amazon, where easier access to Chinese knockoffs affects
consumer choices. 
## Service
Free up your time by having others invest their time.
Prioritize promoting people over products or services.
Transform human beings into the commodity or offering.
Acknowledge this fundamental aspect of the world's functioning.

# Alien
What kind of stupid question is "Are there aliens?"
There have been unlimited records of UFOs to the point where
they change the fucking name and meaning of UFO.

[Give this a read](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zeno's_paradoxes).
Tell me there's not extraterrestrial life.

Illuminati is real, too. You want me to expose all the secrets
of the universe? Let me run my fucking blog and website, pricks. 

# Ezekiel 25:17
```
The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides
By the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men
Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will
Shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness
For he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children
And I will strike down upon thee
With great vengeance and furious anger
Those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers
And you will know my name is the Lord
When I lay my vengeance upon thee
```
## The World, Chico

What's going on ladies and gentlemen? It's your boy Jay Trom. Come at ya hot, come at ya fresh, come at ya live. Come at ya sexy, come at ya beautiful, come at ya beautiful, come at ya sexy, come at ya with the up-down, left-right, spring attack, combo wombo flip, quick attack action.

Spitting on my phone, wanking all over everything. Alright? I ain't got no shame, brother. I ain't got no shame. Alright, I own this fucking planet. So, let me tell you what I want from my obedient civilians today on this beautiful Thursday morning. Alright? I'm sitting here enjoying my coffee. Alright? Hitting my vape a little bit. Maybe too much. That's alright. This is just a little diary between you and I. This doesn't need to go anywhere. Maybe a blog, but nothing crazy. Don't need to expose everything. Although, there are a few secrets that I'd like to get under my mattress. Get from under my mattress, excuse me. The Illuminati is real. Alright?

Jews own everything. That's one minute. Alright? I got loads of shit out my ass that I can tell you guys. They have banned me from the internet. Alright? They've kicked me. The internet has banned me. Let's put it that way. I've tried to make blog posts on GitHub, on a free hosting service. They've blocked me. I could pay $5 or $10 a month for my own private network, my own private server. I could get a VPN. Alright? They'll try to ban me off that too, because I'd be spreading too much truth. Isn't it fucking ironic, you know? I don't know how really, I don't have a contention.

I'm not really angry or upset with any of this. Like, I don't expect anyone to live forever. Alright? I don't think that life should prolong itself forever. I have been very suicidal and upset, depressed even as a child. As I get older, I realize that we don't have a choice in the matter. Alright? Free will doesn't exist.

Free will is an illusion. You could say that it exists if you want to look at it and objectify it, but realistically, it never existed, because you're born into this world with a genome. With DNA, your parents had sex. You didn't get to choose that your parents had sex. You didn't create your own parents. That wouldn't make any sense. Obviously, if we're being logical about this, you could say in the metaphorical that you created yourself, that your parents gave birth to themselves, but that's very, very woo-woo spiritual, mystical, very out there, right?

# II
It's very hard to put together, because to say that someone created themselves, I mean, there's 8 billion people in this planet. Some of them are, you know, very realistic. Some of them maybe did create themselves. Maybe we'll say there's a third of the planet that is very individual and unique, and their parents had no influence on them, society had no influence on them. It's a very small portion. Let's say it's 1/8th. Let's say it's, you know, a billion people, maybe 500 million people.

So, about the population of America is actually unique and original, not robotic. The majority of people are NPC, robot Zionists, let's say, a lizard people, whatever nice disease you want to put to it. I'm not going to take back the Jews around the world, because that's pretty fucking obvious to any layman. What I will do is veil it in some more dust and dirt, so that the Illuminati and the powers that be don't get so upset about me, when I try to express and share my opinions, because I'm tired of working 9 to 5 slave jobs. 3 and a half minutes, glad I got that out of the way. Okay, take a sip of coffee, talk to myself so that I don't go crazy, inevitably driving myself crazy.

Okay, so I'm chilling on a parking lot here next to Walmart. I've hung myself from the Walmart, but I'm still not dead for some reason. I practically live in malls because I'm surrounded by wealth all the time, and I can't get enough of it. I'm addicted to money. I love money. I'm like Mr. Krabs. That's obvious. I'm a Jew, in fact I might be the biggest Jew. King Rat, modest mouse, Isaac Brock, smoke meth. I have a fully charged phone and MacBook. I have worked maybe 30 or 40, 50 jobs in my 24 years here, and I'm sure none of you would be surprised or impressed by that. Back in my day, my grandpa had to walk backwards up the hill in the snow, in the hail, in the fleet. So what would be better? Maybe I'll just tell you some stories from my childhood that'll help you guys wake yourselves up.

Because it's almost noon now. I've been a therapist. I have been threatened verbally and physically by people that I know, love and trust. What else? I've driven 100,000 miles plus, probably more like 200,000 or 300,000 miles, possibly upwards of 500,000 kilometers. I've driven about half a million kilometers in my life. Which means I've pretty much driven the entire world, realistically. I've pretty much driven from here to China, maybe not back, but I've driven from Canada to, let's say, hypothetically, but realistically, I've driven from northern Canada all the way to southern Mexico. I've explored most of this continent. And I'm not impressed, I must say.

# III
I know God is a very loving God, but he also smites everyone into hell and burns everything. So that's a load of shit, you know? As a child, I was antagonized, I was bullied. I was constantly, what's the word, resuscitated, let's say. So people would fuck with me. They would choke me out or they would put me in the ground. They would try to kill me, essentially, when I was as young as five or six years old in public school. I was very scared to be left alone because people were very violent and angry towards me. For no reason whatsoever.

I hardly spoke as a child. And I hardly speak now. People just don't like me for whatever reason. Maybe because I am God and I'm the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Maybe that's why people are so vengeful against me because they want to take all their problems out on me and they don't know how to look at themselves. Or maybe it's that I don't know how to look at myself. Either way, people are retarded. That's a fucking truce. We can all agree, if we're fencing, we'd all touche on the fact that people are fucking dumb as bricks.

People are dumb. They are stupid. They are boring. They are retarded. The average common Joe is a boring, stupid motherfucker. Stupid. Very, very stupid. There's no calamity. There's no calamity. There's no disagreement there. People are dumb as bricks, man. People are dumb as rock that they're on. There's a reason why I love rocks. It's because most of us have rocks in our brains, our bellies and our asses. 95% of the time. Most of what's going on doesn't even require you to think.

Consciousness, illusion. It's a myth. What would consciousness even do? It would be a burden. Why would I want to think about what other people are doing with their lives? It's not my fucking problem.

I know I sound crazy and schizophrenic but I'll make it sound more realistic because it'll dumb it down and then make me sound like a normal person. Just like Alex Jones, eventually sounds like a normal person to a percentage. And this is how it works, you know.

Joe Rogan used to be a random fucking nobody that he became a professional fighter, same with Andrew Tate became a professional fighter, for example, just using two common macho men in the media. And then the government goes after them and tries to dumb them down and eventually they just become stronger and more heartfelt and more honest and earnest to themselves. I'm talking way too fast here but you get my point. Joe Rogan signed a $300 million contract deal probably upwards of a billion dollars with Spotify and he is the main income of their entire service.

Nobody gets Spotify really. Like who's paying for Spotify premium? They're losing subscribers. What they're getting subscribers for is people that are interested in Joe Rogan and the podcast thing that they're doing because they're turning their, Spotify is turning their service into more of a podcast. Sort of thing.

They purchased, they acquired [anchor.fm](#) which is an Amazon subsidiary or it was previously. Damn, I know way too much. I'm a young boy. I'm a young man. I'm a man. And I know fucking everything is ridiculous. This is silly.

Anyways, all of these people figure things out and then the government tries to shut them down and come after them and try to kill them essentially. Try to whack them. And they just fucking dodge and weave it. I'm walking around a mall every day of my life and people are giving me crazy looks like what are you doing here? You should have a mansion. Why do you give a mansion?

Why do you live in their car? Because I'm humble and I'm respectful and I'm asking my parents for the least amount of money and they still are giving me shit. They're telling me to get a job when I'm in the middle of nowhere. They sent me off to fucking rehabilitation because what I smoke weed, people were laughing at me in rehabilitation. People smoke meth. People had AIDS and they're laughing at me because of what? I'm there for smoking too much weed. And then I leave.

I ask my parents why was they there? Not for smoking weed. Oh what the fuck were they there for? - Okay, that's it, final cut.

# IV
There is no question I am a classic case of insanity. I live in a loony bin and I enjoy it.
The more people ask me questions, people say "what" and "how" around me, the stronger I grow. You may think this is a lie but it is literally how the world works. Break me down
and I come back stronger. You cannot kill the creator. Parents tell kids they created
themselves, take no responsibility and are ready to kick them out as soon as they turn 18. 
Meaning everyone is a soviern individual citizen, everyone is fucking crazy. Again, nullyfing the word. No point in calling people crazy or insane nowadays. The scene has passed.

People were truly crazy in the 60s when LSD was first synthesized and all the 
baby boomers had money to burn on government projects like parks and local neighbourhoods.
Nowadays there is no value in calling someone deranged or loopy. Violence and murder
are commonplace; they're all over the news. We're exposed to it before we even exit the womb. What more could people want. More, I suppose. I'll keep writing because it's all
I really enjoy at this point. I was watching David Lynch meditations and he said
he had an idea of just drinking coffee, smoking cigarettes and painting pictures.