---
layout: post
title:  "Joke"
date:   2023-12-04 15:30:03 -0800
categories: jekyll update
---

Ecclesiastes.

Writing from the library.

I wish I were wealthier but there's no difference when you have a billion dollars, you simply buy all the land up and compete with higher players. 
There is no change, nothing new under the sun.

I wish, I wish, I wish, with all my heart. I look for believe and faith and find none, I don't even believe in nothing. I believe in lack thereof.
Even nihilism is self-negating. Utilitarianism is broken, altruism even more. Anarchy is gay and retarded. There will never be a revolution until the people become conscious; people will never
become conscious because there is no revolution. Everything is a lie, people lie and cheat from each other morning, day and night. As a child I thought I'd be better but I'm not.

Hardly 25 and already feel like a hardened criminal. Sleeping in parking lots during storm warnings. There are posts around the town hung on grocery stores telling us to get
food and water for potential emergencies. Living on an island, crashing into the water. I wish I wasn't so emotional, so feeling. I often think I am the ocean itself. A girl I was briefly dating
told me I reminded her of Posieden which makes sense the more I think about it. Starting to romanticize murder and all the worst things at the bottom of the iceberg. Not a lot of solutions
so my problems often complicate. I hardly pay for anything, most of life is a cruise, a permanent vacation if you'd like. I got shrimp coming out of my fucking ears, man. I follow no rule.

No law exists. There is no God, no higher power. I've spent 20+ years looking for some role model, some inspiration for a young man to follow and found absolutely nothing sans myself.
All anybody can do is fuck up, make constant and plenty mistake and, fingers crossed in vain, learn from their mistakes. Have you read history? We do not learn from history.

People are evil, manipulative and stupid. They are also full of love and compassion. Is it wickedness or weakness? I often think it's one and the same. God cannot exist
but we cannot exist without a creator. My parents have acted like they're not my parents for 20 years, trying to get us working by 10 years old. Independence is a sham.

I live in a van like a damn degenerate. Entropy is breaking everything apart. Every time I try to let a relationship pass, break up amicably people are out for vengence.
The world is full of hate, drugs and oil. Lots of guns and magazines to fill those guns. When one war ends two more begin. Reading Greek mythos and learning Italian.

Anything else I can write? Uploading my soul to the cloud for $1.29/month and eating breakfast three times a day because I am mentally fiften years old and never got to
experience a childhood. Debatably nobody did. Again, complaints or truth? Going to apply at a dispensary around the corner called Truth+Alibi. Great name.

Police pulled me over last night for running a stop sign which I did not run. Then he had me sat idle in a no parking zone for no reason.
The government literally exists to shake you down and steal 1/3 of your money/time. That's the least surprising part of this entire note.

Should I rewrite Facebook? Should I kill myself? Should I have a cup of coffee? Should I smoke a cigarette and fuck one more bitch before I kick the can?
Should I steal a bunch of bullshit from Wal-Mart? Should I start a new blog with a better domain? Should I blackmail the people who have wronged me?

I changed my mind. Life is actually awesome and extremely enjoyable. We have Instagram and Twitter. Like Norm said, you can go to Dennys and wear a hat.